When you're receiving
an incoming call,
a pop-up notification is
displayed on your screen.
You can choose to
answer the call,
initiate a chat session
with that contact,
or decline the call.
To answer the call,
select the Audio button.
When someone is
calling you with video,
you can choose to answer
with video or answer
with audio only.
If you select to answer with
video, the camera on your PC
will turn on and the person
calling will see you.
To end an active call,
select the Hang Up icon
from either the communications
window or the main window,
or close the
communication window.
The system will ask you if
you'd like to end the call.
Select End to end the call.